feat: add ability to use list of WebElements (#58)
dequelabs/axe-selenium-java: README.md

- `include` adds to the list of included selectors. If you do not call `include` at all, aXe will run against the entire document.
- `exclude` adds to the list of excluded selectors. Exclusions allow you to focus scope exactly where you need it, ignoring child elements you don't want to test.
- `skipFrames` prevents aXe to be recursively injected into all iframes.

> - `analyze` executes aXe with any configuration you have previously defined. If you want to test `WebElements`, you may pass them into `analyze` instead of using `include` and `exclude`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `analyze` executes aXe with any configuration you have previously defined. If you want to test one or more `WebElement`s, you may pass them into `analyze` instead of using `include` and `exclude`.
```
